README.adoc, before:

gopath(1)
=========

NAME
----
gopath - print a GOPATH


SYNOPSIS
--------
*gopath* ['OPTIONS'] ['PATH']


DESCRIPTION
-----------
gopath writes to standard output a new GOPATH based on the current GOPATH and
any .go-path entries found in directories listed either on the command line or,
if nothing is listed on the command line, the current directory.

A .go-path file may be empty, in which case it is treated as a marker for the
directory it is in. Otherwise, each line in the .go-path file is used as a new
entry in the GOPATH, in order from top to bottom.

gopath can also search for files other than .go-path using the *-marker*
option (e.g., .goproj, .goenv, etc.). Only one marker name can be used per run
of gopath, but it's always possible to concatenate the results of two gopath
runs.

Once a .go-path file is found in a directory, no parent directories are scanned
for .go-path entries. This is to avoid somewhat weird nesting behavior.

TODO
----
- Support recursive lookup of .go-path entries? Possibly useful for projects
  with nested dependent gopaths, but at that point it seems more like you're
  working with a defective project structure.
- Support multiple .go-path marker names. This is semi-useful because I
  previously used .go-root files to mark GOPATH entries. Still, that's trivial
  to fix by renaming files.


OPTIONS
-------
*-marker*='".go-path"'::
	The name of the marker indicating a GOPATH entry to search for.


AUTHOR
------
gopath is written by Noel Cower.


COPYING
-------

Copyright (C) 2015 Noel R. Cower.
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


// vim: set syntax=asciidoc noexpandtab sw=8 ts=8 tw=79:

Commit message:

Allow searching to the root.
Also: remove duplicate entries while maintaining entry order.

README.adoc, after:

gopath(1)
=========

NAME
----
gopath - print a GOPATH


SYNOPSIS
--------
*gopath* ['OPTIONS'] ['PATH']


DESCRIPTION
-----------
gopath writes to standard output a new GOPATH based on the current GOPATH and
any .go-path entries found in directories listed either on the command line or,
if nothing is listed on the command line, the current directory.

A .go-path file may be empty, in which case it is treated as a marker for the
directory it is in. Otherwise, each line in the .go-path file is used as a new
entry in the GOPATH, in order from top to bottom.

gopath can also search for files other than .go-path using the *-marker*
option (e.g., .goproj, .goenv, etc.). Only one marker name can be used per run
of gopath, but it's always possible to concatenate the results of two gopath
runs.

Once a .go-path file is found in a directory, no parent directories are scanned
for .go-path entries. This is to avoid somewhat weird nesting behavior. This
behavior can be changed by setting the *-to-root* flag to 'true', indicating
that you'd like to search up through the entire directory tree.

TODO
----
- Support recursive lookup of .go-path entries? Possibly useful for projects
  with nested dependent gopaths, but at that point it seems more like you're
  working with a defective project structure.
- Support multiple .go-path marker names. This is semi-useful because I
  previously used .go-root files to mark GOPATH entries. Still, that's trivial
  to fix by renaming files.


OPTIONS
-------
*-marker*='".go-path"'::
	The name of the marker indicating a GOPATH entry to search for.

*-to-root*='false'::
	Whether to continue searching up through parent directories even after
	a marker has been found.


AUTHOR
------
gopath is written by Noel Cower.


COPYING
-------

Copyright (C) 2015 Noel R. Cower.
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


// vim: set syntax=asciidoc noexpandtab sw=8 ts=8 tw=79:
